hey guys how are you doing restrict
today's how you off my me find a dress
for the Grammys one Nesta is ready to
dress up isn't black but so I found a
dress I will be going to the Grammys
specifically the grannies after-party
they're going to the official watch
party which is sick
[Music]
[Applause]
and then we'll be tweeting and
instagramming on behalf of IBM which is
such an honor and John's coming with me
so he just got a tux fitted looking
super spiffy although I was just talking
about Sarah guy is so much easier for
them he like went there for 20 minutes
it was like party huh it's so unfair and
so I just went to this place called Rent
the Runway where you can rent dresses
instead of buying mixed feelings about
the experience but we'll see how it
turns up but the concept is great it's
good concept yeah beautiful that holy
cow
[Music]
including
it's all about like some updates
exciting and exciting things I almost
dropped my keys
[Music]
first off the announcement so today is
the day that the podcast starts so what
are you doing even on this video click
the link the description it's on Apple
podcasts but it also has its own YouTube
channel and guess who the first guest
Gary Vee Gary Vaynerchuk who has played
a huge part I feel like in my journey
which I might talk about a little bit
later but hit those links in the
description below and I'm also going to
do somewhat of a giveaway but before I
linked up with some new friends so not
only Cody and Sarah but Sarah number two
Sarah number three Matias in Winston
look at me Winston it is a new year and
usually you have those resolutions
you're like right outfits Kate I'm gonna
kill it I'm gonna crush it but as I've
been talking to my lovely humans we've
all kind of had the same consensus it's
winter it's snowing it's dreary outside
I'm stuck inside and just then I really
didn't get going on the stuff I needed
to get done until like a week ago I want
to ask my other lovely humans who are
youtubers and internet creators hope you
can have a creative slump when you're in
one okay so we're gonna start with
Winston Winston what's your advice yeah
what's your advice honey you just have
to get out of your I think it winter
it's so easy to get like stuck literally
in your house because you don't wanna
get out look some travel ghosts
we're get out of your house that was the
way that I kind of got my motivation
back your good was finding away you know
a lot of people will say traveling it's
hard that takes my it's a tip for like
saving her just do it you have to have
like a grater why and once you have that
like it will fall into place because you
will work tirelessly to figure out ways
to do thing but if money is the main
issue which it is for a lot of young
people I think you just have to accept
that you're gonna have to sacrifice and
that that's okay because it's just a
chapter it's just a page in your life
it's okay not to go shopping and you
know to buy your clothes from Goodwill
whatever you got to do to save so I've
always been all about that Winston you
get a smart mommy he has anything a
doula I would say I'll be going the city
like where you live and look up where
their events are to meet people and then
you can interact with them and then you
can bounce off ideas and stuff I think
that was well be my number one but
number two will be just go to the
library and pick up a book that's really
inspirational and then it can give you
some more I've gotten really good at
starting books my next adventure is
finishing books what about you love
management's I would say for me January
was definitely like the wizard and just
everything going on was really difficult
to get anything done I was listening to
a podcast a couple weeks ago and she
said
don't wake up and get on social media
and just mindlessly scroll and see what
everybody else is doing because there's
this overwhelming feeling that you have
to catch up instead of just like waking
up and creating whatever it is you want
to create and like being passionate
about it it's just a completely
different mindset to get yourself into
you that really has helped me a lot
I was just piggyback on what Sara said
for me it was like that first week of
January I was like I was planning on
crushing it you know cuz new year new me
and it wasn't happening and so for the
next couple weeks what I decided to do
was not put my phone anywhere near my
bed I just took my phone plugged it in
on my desk so that way in the morning if
I wanted to get on it I had to
physically get out of bed and go over to
it and that significantly helped me like
get more productive because it got me
out of bed and not mindlessly scrolling
there for hours and that's my number one
thing that's helped me this do that
maintain spark guys
I'm already feeling motivated what's
it's pillow Morrison your dogs are so
good at uniting people bringing people
together
[Music]
that was Jamie Foxx another day in New
York there's a lot of people here most
likely for the Grammys which I get to go
to the fun after-party time
so I'm actually last-minute headed into
the office it's actually getting kind of
late but it was a fun day hanging out
with some friends it was a beautiful day
out in New York so one of the reasons
was because of what is in this box this
is a book called crushing it by if you
dude himself and Gary Vaynerchuk so he
is a entrepreneur and a business dude he
runs a 800 plus people digital agency
the people on the back of his book who
are singing praises to him John Mayer
Casey Neistat Kristin Lim Cal Jessica
Alba Dwayne the rock Johnson so he
messes with some serious people some
serious Talent I've never been the
biggest reader my main form of
consumption has always been video and
he's had the askgaryvee show and now he
vlogs and that really helped me in the
beginning of my journey two years ago
and I wash everything and then I just
went out and applied a lot of his stuff
and I hadn't watched his stuff in about
a year because I left and actually
executed on it I think that's what he
recommends and would make him proud but
I've recently gotten back into it and it
just it helps me a lot because I respond
very well to energetic stuff so if I see
someone living their life business
creatively just like doing it with so
much energy and passion that's
contagious to me and that allows me to
go and do my own thing with like it's
just it's encouraging you know to
with as much so the fact that I got to
kick off the creative exchange my past
with him it's unreal
they actually hooked me up with some
books and I want to give two away right
now there will be more details about
this book in the description below and
how you can win one and I ship them out
quickly one way is to go and leave a
review on my podcast on Apple podcast
and number two is to go leave a comment
with hashtag crushing it on the video
form of the podcast so I actually
started a new YouTube channel
for it so hopefully wherever you're
listening to podcast the creative
exchange is going to be there whether
it's Apple podcast Google Play Store or
even here on YouTube and this book
actually just released today so I'm
stoked to give some away so I originally
wasn't going to post a video today just
because things have been lit a lot of
things were being released but I was
like today is the release the launch day
of the creative exchange I have to put
up something the fact that 300 thousand
of you creative beautiful human beings
have hit the subscribe button and have
decided to be a part of the peachy fam
means so much to me it's like thank you
so I'm feeling warm I'm feeling stoked
for life I am so excited on everything
let me know if you like this video hit
that subscribe button down below for new
videos every single week so much fun
stuff going on I'm woo I'm pumped stay
peach
[Music]